PM Review 4 & adding UX (#39)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/B2B-overview.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Partner Manager enables you to manage a large number of trading partners and their message flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Partner Manager enables you to manage the transmission of business messages with a large number of trading partners through the creation and deployment of message flows.
```

Author: Fixed.

> A message flow is the path along which a message travels from its source, through a DataWeave transformation map, to its target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A transmission is a single communication event during which a payload is transferred between you and one of your partners. These payloads can contain one or more messages. The message flows you create determine where the transmissions are received or sent and the path along which a message travels from its source, through a DataWeave transformation map, to its target. 
```

Author: You suggested def has a very long sentence at  the end. I can try to condense it, but we could end up in a long debate about it. Plus, it's different from what Amit has sanctioned. I've ask you both to come to an agreement on the definition.

Author: Will use Amit's def per David.

You'll need to perform some tasks before you can begin transmitting messages with your trading partners.

> A transmission is a single communication event during which a payload is transferred between two business entities. These payloads can contain one or more business messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: same as above.

Author: Will use Amit's def per David's okay.
